[8.13] Data Quality persistence (#4953)
elastic/security-docs: docs/dashboards/data-quality-dashboard.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[data-quality-dash-check-indices]]
== Check indices

> When the dashboard gets opened for the first time in a project, data does not appear until you (or a teammate) select indices to check. 

Reviewer: Minor revisions to keep the voice active. 

```suggestion
When someone opens the dashboard for the first time in a project, data does not appear until you (or another user) select indices to check. 
```

* *Check multiple indices*: To check all indices in the current data view, click *Check all* at the top of the dashboard. A progress indicator will appear.

IMPORTANT: To customize which indices are checked when you click *Check all*, {security-guide}/data-views-in-sec.html[change the current data view].

* *Check a single index*: To check a single index, expand it using the arrow on the left. Checking a single index is faster than checking all indices.

> Once checked, an index's data quality information persists indefinitely. You can see when it was last checked, and recheck it at any time.

Reviewer: I'm not entirely clear what "information" means in the first sentence. If you're referring to the results of the data quality check, maybe swap out "information" with "results" or "details" instead.

```suggestion
Once checked, an index's data quality results persist indefinitely. You can see when it was last checked, and recheck it at any time.
```

[discrete]
[[data-quality-dash-check-indices]]
== Check indices

> When you open the dashboard for the first time in a project, data does not appear until you (or another user) selects indices to check. 

Reviewer 2: do we need to wordsmith this?

> When you open the dashboard for the first time in a project, data does not appear until you (or another user) selects indices to check. 

Reviewer 3: This is almost a nit that I let go, but it feels confusing. If I'm the user opening the dashboard, where is "another user" going to come from and select an index before I do? This edit focuses on what the reader alone is doing:
```suggestion
When you open the dashboard for the first time in a project, data does not appear until you select indices to check. 
```

Or, is the behavior actually based on _any user_ selecting an index _at any point_, in which case we don't need to mention opening the dashboard?
```suggestion
Data does not appear in the dashboard until a user selects indices to check. 
```

Author: this is great, thanks Joe

* *Check multiple indices*: To check all indices in the current data view, click *Check all* at the top of the dashboard. A progress indicator will appear.

IMPORTANT: To customize which indices are checked when you click *Check all*, {security-guide}/data-views-in-sec.html[change the current data view].

* *Check a single index*: To check a single index, expand it using the arrow on the left. Checking a single index is faster than checking all indices.

> Once checked, an index's data quality results persist indefinitely. You can see when it was last checked, and recheck it at any time.

Reviewer 2: `You can see when it was last checked, and recheck it at any time.`

what does this refer to? the data quality check or the ability to check persisted results?

Author: Hopefully it's more clear now!

> IMPORTANT: Data quality results are stored in a data stream using the following index pattern: `kibana-data-quality-dashboard-results-<spaceId>`, where `<spaceId>` is the ID of the active {kib} {kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html[space]. For example, results from the default space are stored in: `kibana-data-quality-dashboard-results-default`. 

Reviewer 4: The data stream name should start with a dot: `.kibana-data-quality-dashboard-results-default`

```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Data quality results are stored in a data stream using the following index pattern: `.kibana-data-quality-dashboard-results-<spaceId>`, where `<spaceId>` is the ID of the active {kib} {kibana-ref}/xpack-spaces.html[space]. For example, results from the default space are stored in: `.kibana-data-quality-dashboard-results-default`. 
```
